incredible in spite of the Bingham
confusion returning birds are able to
find their nest and partners without any
difficulty and the reunion is always
marked with a jubilant display
the parents will now swap tutors the one
just arrived will feed the chicks and
guard them while the other having fasted
for a couple of days will go down to the
sea to feed and collect more food for
the young
[Laughter]
those that are nesting on the lower
slopes are lucky others have to climb so
high that their nests are up in the
clouds for much of the time
[Applause]
the trick down from the nest can take
another heart but it has to be done if
the chick is to be fed
[Music]
when at lasts they reached the sea their
journey that so far has been merely
artists becomes very dangerous indeed
[Music]
a leopard seal
a single leopard seal may catch up to
six penguins an hour during the season
it will kill hundreds
[Music]
a wounded bird having escaped Thomas
miraculously from the seal must now face
the merciless killers
[Music]
in spite of its injury it still
struggles upwards towards its nest
[Music]
you